# The Production of the Este Couture WordPress Website
The Este Couture website was built from scratch, using the [Underscores.me](http://underscores.me) base template as a basis for the theme, during my time at Cefar, a Digital Agency. Este Couture was to be built on the WordPress framework so that anyone from the team at Cefar could modify the content of the website - the client was not intended to interact with the admin section of the website.

This project involved me working very closely with our in-house designer who had created the concepts of the website to ensure the movement and navigational flow was what he had envisioned whilst designing the website.

The website later earned an [Honourable Mention](https://www.awwwards.com/sites/este-couture) from awwwards.

## The Development
The client, a fashionable couture company, valued beauty and elegance. For the website to reflect this, it was created as a layered design, in which the different elements would be moving separate of each other to give a sense of elegant movement as the user scrolled down the page. All animation on the pages were tailored to flow elegantly about the page, without going over the top with distracting and meaningless movement. Each element had some purpose, right down to the background elements flowing in parallax to their foreground counterparts, or vice versa with the foreground elements being the ones that moved. Even this animation was made to be extremely minimal. The intention of this movement was not to be noticed, but still to be felt as the user navigated the website.

This layered movement needed to be custom built due to existing parallax plugins/tools not being sufficient for the animation we were looking for. Alongside this we also controlled page history along with ajax queries using the WordPress API to allow for the seamless flow when navigating between pages.

---
Check the website out at [Este](http://estecouture.com/)
